You know what you need to know about your team? Members of one you need
Thio. What? How they sit. What is the right fit? The best fit for
your team. Members do sit down And you their service jackets. I'm going
to be handed. You're gonna be handed a Manning document and watch.
Okay, well, watch. Little determines. You know, all the people qualify.
You have to something to watch, Bill. That's gonna go up to your
reporting chain command. And you're something said they're all off
to carry out their watches Are that I know you need way. Need to
be able to something that's specific one. So find out what they could
do. I really miss our jackets Talking to the chief, talking to divisional
officer's and then watching them watching inducing drugs. Okay,
People want qualified people. Want to be the engineer Also watch
out of the stand. Watch runs and drills on. Find out if they have the
right judgment. That's how you do it